Load and use conpty.dll if available (#6994)
alacritty/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

- Warnings for unused configuration file options
- Config option `persist` in `hints` config section

> - Support for loading conpty.dll on Windows to enable mouse reporting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for dynamically loading conpty.dll on Windows
```

I agree that mentioning specific features this enables is not appropriate.
